I don't want to start.
I knew it was under McCarthy first.
Yes.
Under McCarthy.
Only more than I'd like to have Mr. Pike if I may.
You make the right thing.
I have a question to ask this, with this manager,
because I do that before you retire.
Two out.
Just one or two.
Really?
It would not be collect, delete, delete, delete.
I'm not going to retire.
We collect, delete, the impression that three people do nothing but monitor calls in the office with Mr. Lucas.
It would be far from correct.
Is it true that you sell each other at that time?
Is that right?
That is right.
We all have other duties.
What are your other duties?
My other duties are to handling the sex care appointments.
I've talked to a great many people on the telephone that want to speak with him.
Many people will call him up.
They want to talk to the sex care of the army.
It turns out to be some problem that someone else that's not a better handle than he is.
He wouldn't be available anyway.
I'd like to get them to the proper people.
It's been helpful.
I arrange his appointments.
I call people and there are many cancellations and adjustments and so on.
It goes on all the time.
I'm busy with that.
People call in and the reception room.
One of them, I talk to them.
I start to help them.
I start to see him.
I talk to them.
I start to help them.
That's an appointment.
Some of these other people.
I try to deal with it.
When you say people call in to appointments, you mean people turn up physically.
They turn up physically and they call on the telephone.
Both.
Do you occasionally take any of the indications?
I know which pipes are now.
I'm not sure what I've taken.
Those are taken from Mr. Tasis.
They've taken indications from people.
I'm just getting there and we're going to get to the bus to carry or just something down fast.
Because I'm here now.
Now, ordinary, you don't have to try what you take.
Do you?
Do you mean the telephone call?
Right.
I think this is one of the very, very rare occasions when I've ever done stuff.
You just let come.
You don't know it's without making any restrictions.
Yes, really.
The whole point is to get it on paper.
If it's just something goes by me or I've got it thrown there, I can try to handle it.
Situation later, if the file put it down first, simply the memory.
The next thing I know, somebody will be asking me, what are these days about for?
My memory might fail me.
And when you monitor a telephone conversation that calls for action,
you simply look at your notes, institute the action and get things going.
Is that right?
That's for it.
And when you transfer it to RLE, what is in your notes?
The appropriate people that you want to educate and get to work,
then that's the notes that serves the perfect.
That's right.
I also use this in different mechanical ways.
I might write a little note this day in an executive technical office
where he would be in the first and to get the information that one of the things that that's for.
And one other thing I suppose is that the orders you issued when you hang up the telephone don't get tied out,
you can look back on something failed and say,
here is what I knew was to be done and this is the order I know I gave.
Yes sir, but I don't really give orders.
I just thought it was an internal business and that's very wrong.
I don't know what happened and what job needs to be served.
I certainly didn't mean to indicate that you actually issued orders.
But after you hear on the telephone, monitor call, certain actions taken,
you say to be appropriate people, this is the action that Mr. Stevens expects to have happen.
This will resolve what he just talked about.
I don't mean to use those words, but in the fact that's what gets back.
You'll serve.
And in the present.
Before I ask Mr. Smith to look,
if I'd like to have Mr. Smith's place, do you say right there?
Mr. Price is not too loud.
We better have some issues.
Just one question.
The phone call to some of everyone from Secretary Stevens on the 20th of February,
was at 10 o'clock.
You have an o'clock in the morning, right?
Yes sir.
Now, last time may or may not become important, I don't know.
But can you be reasonably certain that the time was either 11 or roughly 11 o'clock?
Yes, I always make that a note all the time, in the notebook,
that's the time that the call is put true.
I'm afraid this may not be a proper question, ask of you.
And you need an answer.
Unless you have some information on it.
Just like that.
Did you monitor the call from Mr. Stevens to me at 10 o'clock that morning?
No, sir.
Do you know who I'm going to hear that?
I...
Mr. Rhodes, monitor that one.
I'm not a curious mill finder at the Stephen's told center of Montpitt,
he doesn't find me at 11 o'clock in the morning,
and there's a Montpitt's call with Mr. Stevens, hand of me at 10 o'clock.
As I say, you may not be able to answer that.
Unless you just have put Mr. Stevens to some of the...
some else to monitor the call.
I'm afraid I'm afraid that's not a question, I should have to.
And don't know for the first time.
What's your look at?
Mr. Lucas, could you tell me definitely who monitored the call between Mr. Stevens and me
and the 20th of February at 10 o'clock a.m.?
You've completely discussed the other two young people who monitored calls at 11 o'clock.
Mr. Rhodes, monitor that, and could you tell me who monitored the call?
Did the MPI all turn to him or can't he return the secretary at Stephen's call?
14 January, 1954, 243 p.m.?
I did, sir.
And then there's one other one.
They call 7 November, 1953, 12, 19 p.m.,
7 November, 15th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, buying the secretary at Stephen's, you know who monitored that?
I did the world, that was November.
I think.
No.
Mr. Lucas, I'd like to make it very, very clear here, the mile.
I think the practice of eavesdropping is highly improper.
I do want to make it clear that I don't attach any wrongdoing to the part of the youth's three people who've been doing it.
You've an order to do it, you've no choice but to do that.
I hope in the appropriations to many we take up the question of why the money for the eavesdropping is hidden from the Son of the Public.
But be that as it may let me ask you, if you question,
did you ever monitor any calls with Mr. Charles Morgan?
And he was a secretary or anyone else?
No, sir.
Did you ever monitor any calls?
Right then.
Did you ever know of any calls between the secretary or anyone else who was a two-master Morgan?
No, I know, I know.
How about Mr. William Rogers of the Justice Department?
I believe at some point I monitor calls between the directors and Mr. Steven.
And with those calls we available.
Forget to give him up a presidential directive, I mean how they physically available.
I think all you could ask him send him a copy of whether he has his notebook, he wouldn't know about the availability of it.
Well, I mean, do you have your notebook, do you have any way of getting those calls?
I've had just possible audits, I'm not sure.
Well, I prefer an important amount, I'm Mr. Rogers of the Deputy Attorney General.
They claim as the major public lay time and time again to Mr. Rogers
but one of those who took the part in lighting the fuse or setting up the machinery
for the charges against Mr. Carmichael Cohn myself.
Therefore any phone calls, Mr. Steven, Mr. Rogers, would be very important from that doubly true view of the fact that Mr. Rogers
was getting a transcript of this testimony every day and he's being asked to fairly and inflectuate past upon legal questions.
So could you tell us whether or not those calls would be available?
I'm not asking you to produce them, that might be a violation of the presidential directive in regard to what I think is that we can't ask you to violate them.
I think what this is the question is that the chair understand them and get so its appropriate, whether or not you have the notebook or you have the records.
Well, nothing that you was making them available, that's clear outside of your purview resource.
It's time to find out I think whether the hand jibble report, if your monitoring is in your position or wherever you find your other monitor report.
If I took what I'm right, I'd be leaving with the available, yes.
Well, I'm not going to get such a thought, you've put some I know that's taking the last number of calls these days and possible for us to accept your memories call,
but they call with the Attorney General's office I assume would leave some in question on you.
Could you give us some ideas or other not just did monitor such a call?
I believe I did, so the Democratic Party. Could you do this then?
And again I'm not asking you to produce the call, that's up to the chairman's decide, but can you produce the date and the time that you monitor call between Mr. Stevens and the Attorney General?
You mean by that senator just technically possible to do this one?
Well, I think I don't need physically possible, but I would like to ask you to do this, and I think that's a little violation when you direct them.
I'm not asking him at this time to tell what was in the monitor's conversation, I really would like to know these dates, the dates of the call for a man to time they were made.
Well, senator they had to test that that would cover perfectly in the chairman's period of time you see.
And make a quite a gigantic pass, if I think you make a good point, let's talk then, let's see, the whole last box is over, that's from the efforts to call her and that fish was coming into some questions.
And the military became very known up to the West Side by a stocked silver and bring it down to a date.
Could you check your book, Mr. Lucas, with a few of the difficulty and let's give it a date to the call, with Mr. Rogers, Farmingshire Brown, L, but that's extended with anyone else in the Justice Department.
I'm from Luzzo. Mr. Chairman, I wonder if I can ask about the present term on the morning.
Can you bring it over to Mr. Lundy Martin, if you're coming back in and present in the comments, questions any questions?
Mr. Chairman, I would say it's always difficult to know just what the extent of a presidential order is.
What I do is that he could state whether or not he took such conversations and on what states Mr. Sonny McCarthy.
If it turns out that I'm wrong on that, I'm just wrong, but it seems to be no harm in my thing that I guess that can be done.
Certainly the witness will do the physical work and if it's proper to disclose the result of his work, it will do no feat as well.
I think that's extremely important because we've heard so much conversation about letting the Chips fall early in May.
The Justice Department has so much done the job of deciding where the Chips will originally fall.
For back reasons, I would like to have the community know just the number of phone calls.
Then we can determine whether or not there is some way we can do.
The President, if that's possible, I don't know.
So far, he has been too anxious to take my advice.
Whether we can induce the President to make those calls available.
But this time, I do think that the witness could be ordered from Mr. Chaplin to return one morning with that information for him.
The President here understands the witness has immediately used that without any questions.
I'd like to welcome you.
What I have said is that the information will be looked up and if the offer to disclose it, and I have made a well-skinned guess that it is offered
to disclose that they're working on that being however only a little sketch.
If it's offered to disclose them, you will certainly be told the number right next to the call.
I think that's a clear left problem.
Mr. Elyk, look at the honour above the...
...but the list of between the 15th and 21st of January, and that again in February, you've one of her calls between Mr. Brownhill and Mr. Elyk.
I don't believe I did. It would be a very unusual thing if I did.
Maybe we'll take a little space. Mr. Beavons, lovely country, I know.
From the time to my nose, when you're wrong, let's make it general.
Did you, after January 1st of this year, monitor any calls between Mr. Beavons, or Mr. Adam, and the one hand, and Mr. Brownhill on the other?
No further.
That may be... is having information that has had the impression of one of the presence of Brownhill was not as far as this deal.
I find that Mr. Rogers is making a call from Mr. Brownhill.
Can you tell me for certain you did not know of any calls in Mr. Brownhill with receiving Farm Mr. Brownhill on the track?
After January 1st of this year, I would not call if that was such.
I wonder if you would discuss this with your crew monitors and ask them whether or not they know of what's called.
They indicated they did not.
If you have any calls from Mr. Beavons, look at it.
Do you know of any calls from Mr. Henthal and Mr. Beavons?
Yes sir. Were those monitors...
Some calls were monitored.
I don't know whether all of them were or just what.
I know I monitored some calls between Mr. Henthal and Mr. State.
I have a question.
I ask you to produce the calls when you give us the date.
The time of those calls subsequent to the first of October 1953.
I want again to tell you that we did the other request that we will ascertain that that's a month of travel.
How about Vice President Richard Nixon?
Any calls from Mr. Beavons and the Vice President?
I don't move.
Mr. Beavons, is there any doubt about that?
It's certainly not about this case or if there ever was one.
I'm not sure if there was any.
It would have been one and I'm not sure if there was one and it would have been something social.
Well, look at the next set of calls and be asked.
Let's return to our chair.
When Dr. Confield Jenkins and the chair has been advised,
the understanding correctly that the sound and signage and the suggested that you take up his calls next.
I assume that the chairman of Mr. Chairman, I have one question.
Have we been easy to go around?
No, I think President McCurkley wanted to be.
I have one question.
You have one question.
Very well.
I'm very delighted that it is your question.
I'll be very brief.
I'll give you all my time in other than minutes.
I don't believe Mr. Lucas and I may be an air hall.
Will you just state your college graduate?
Yes sir.
And what university?
North Western University.
North Western University. You got your BA degree.
It was a B.S. degree.
B.S. degree.
And then you took some demographic courses in addition?
Yes sir.
Baseball, midlife, school, per...
Have you defeated your college?
Yes sir.
So that you're fully qualified in effect to a court stenographer?
I have worked in a court that I've done that...
Well, an army that is worse than solveth would be that you could do the work of my court stenographer.
Rapid, short-hand notes of conversations of people, whether it's in a hearing or a meeting or a telephone.
Yes sir.
Any sentence in the right?
In the direction?
And the bothers?
And the voice acts?
And the assignments?
Mr. Welp, shall.
And Mr. McCarton.
Mr. Cohen.
Mr. Lucas, do you have a monitor of a call made by Mr. Stevens to General Wattenon October the 2nd?
At a present?
Do I have a monitor?
Did you monitor such a call?
What date?
October the 2nd, 1953.
I may have served.
I don't remember.
Well, sir, do you recall?
I do and I were together at a meeting with Mr. Howard, so Mr. Chankin's bag and Mr. St. Clair representing Mr. Welchop's bag in the court for this building.
Yes sir.
And at that time, I asked about a call by Mr. Stevens to General Wattenon.
I told the second you recall that.
I recall being here.
I don't remember whether or not you asked me.
In any case, you have not checked.
And yet to see whether there is such a call always monitoring.
Most of all, what you do that, sir, will search.
And if there is, and if such a call has been monitored, would you produce that?
For this committee on Monday morning.
Well, that may act as a desk best to call.
And we treat that as we do the other monitor.
The other monitor.
I have to keep them out.
But what to do?
Similarly, Mr. Locust, did you or what I say you right speak here of the call monitors as well?
Monitor, phone call, which we missed this evening and Mr. Adams on November 24th and November 25th, 1953.
I make up, sir, I don't remember.
Well, hasn't anybody else been able to check on that?
Well, if we missed this evening, Mr. Adams about to remove the general law.
Well, sir, I haven't brought anybody else made up.
Me, sir, all the discussion that's going on about those controls in this area,
from you have never been asked whether they existed in my perspective.
Well, there's been so much discussion about 124 now.
I don't know what I've been asked to do.
Somebody who's been tracking just what I'm supposed to tell you.
Oh, my sir.
In any event, sir, you are now asked by me if you would be kind enough to
and that applies to the mic and the controls.
So we weathered very serious monitors of telephone calls between Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams on November 24th and November 25th, 1953.
If they do exist and I assume they must, I would ask if those be produced in this role.
They will be treated just as follows the outfit.
They will ascertain if they're worse that, too, that and find out how the position is served.
Well, I'm asking that they be produced.
But there's going to be an objection to serve it to it, of course.
There will come going one step further than Senator McClubby, too.
Now, similarly, we can check and see whether on December 16th or December 17th,
there are telephone calls between Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams,
which were monitored by you or either of your co-enters.
Yes, sir.
Now, have you monitored any telephone calls since October?
And with particular reference to the January Peabewary period between Mr. Stevens and Mr. Sherman Adams?
During the period, I monitored calls yesterday between Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams,
or I don't know.
No, I didn't get all that.
You see, you did all that.
The question, sir, not a very good question.
Have you monitored the telephone call between Secretary Stevens and Governor Sherman Adams?
Well, but I already called, so you don't be called.
Most of all, did you check that for us?
Yes, sir.
Have you monitored telephone call from the Chief Commune?
Yes.
And, by the way, Mr. Lopez, the Senator of mine, to me,
addressing these questions to you, unlike vice-talking to Ms. Pike and Mr. Rhodes.
Can you tell us whether in February and January February and March of 1954,
you or they monitored telephone calls between Mr. Stevens and members of the White House there concerning this conversation?
Yes, sir.
I'm John the Valley Callsor.
You don't be called any telephone call, which will monitor between Mr. Stevens and any members of the White House there.
You know, sir, that's good.
Yeah.
Would you check that for us?
Well, sir.
And I think that about this battle I have.
Jim.
Mr. Warner, two questions.
Mr. Luther, could you look at the appears of this month?
You hear me?
Yes, sir.
If I'm going to look at the appears of this, I will know.
Phone calls between Mr. Frank Trier,
they chiefed my staff and Mr. Adams until the day after Mr. Adams came to my apartment.
At this time I refuse to call off the investigation of communist infiltration refused to suspend the subpoenas of the loyalty board.
I don't want the subpoenas over in your office.
Would you be the man who started to take the side and monitor the call between Mr. Adams and Mr. Trier?
Was that being someone who offered?
That would be a still-of-the-office.
I would be a very rare occasion, there was rare possibility, but generally speaking, it was being his own office.
He was offered to snap right next to us or right next to us.
A man said, if not very rare, I found out that the day after Mr. Adams was turned down on what I have referred to as a black wheel trot.
And when I started calling Mr. Trier, consistently in make self-serving decorations,
a sizable number of calls, none before that.
I wondered Mr. Welch, who could tell us who did that monitoring and did we have them here?
I should say, though, it's called Senator Tripp, he treated the same as the others who talked about it, who stayed to date with your interstitial,
the areas in which you were interested.
Well, there's no presidential directive in regard to the call, and Mr. Adams, Mr. Trier, the president's directive,
I'd like to think we exempted anything between Mr. Adam and Mr. Steezen and Mr. Thomas.
Quite a few now, if you have the details, I'll go ask for a few.
Well, I would like to have someone over there make a thorough check, give us the dates and all the monitored calls,
and I'd also like to, possibly Mr. Chairman, have a man here who started the monitor of the trouble,
so I have to use to call off the investigation.
And also, that time, I would like to have Mr. Adams available to explain why the staff that has certainly monitored calls of Mr. Adams.
I mean, with Mr. Clark, the day after the Black Wheel threat failed, I think that's very, very important for the committee.
And if we can have that, I wouldn't sure I want to do it, but that's the Chair's convenience.
Let me ask you this Mr. Ralph, how soon can we...
In the full of this place of the Chair, we'll know when he must be called.
We went to Mr. Adams, how soon could we get a complete and thorough rundown,
how all the monitored calls and Mr. Clark, and the email from the Pentagon.
Can anyone else... can we have a gun?
Yes, I think it's all ready to deliver the signatures.
You're talking about all the calls, but I'm going to have to be on the floor.
So, I think we just, we've been working through the monitoring, come here, swear that we have all the calls.
I should think, the answer is, I'm guessing that I assume, sorry, vacations are all down, something like that, that's absolutely possible.
Just one further question, Mr. Lucas.
There's very close, Mr. Steve, the testifying that there was no monitoring of calls between his office and the White House.
That I assume does not really mean we're doing humanly questions.
We're certainly not the... more in-profit than the other being, but...
In view of the fact that there is evidence now of a meeting on January 21st, I believe,
that which two White House agencies will provide them with justice, department lead, others...
Well, could you tell us what are not?
You were ordered not to monitor any calls, Mr. Steve, the office, and anyone on the White House stand.
Probably, I have any orders on that.
Now, just how did you do it there? When you were going to call the police, I assume you'd pick up the phone, you would write down on the phone.
If you find it was, we'll say, Sherman Adams, Page Smith, John Dunes, on the White House ramp, would you hang up the phone, didn't say not to monitor at Margaret?
I'm not going off on that he has enough to monitor calls.
Calls rather rare. And those rather rare, sir, I don't set up what about now often.
We're not supposed to look down on first about two words up until this day.
Now, could you give us some rough idea of not going to be... time per week or per day?
We're told not to monitor any calls.
I'm just told you I have not you and I, the other day, all I know is that I just don't remember.
There was being called not to monitor calls during that period.
I met up with him during the time he was in office and I know he came in.
And he said, in the office, he said not to monitor the phone where you're indicated that.
I don't know what he said.
I'm not concerned about his family.
That's not true. I'm not talking about calls to the White House ramp.
The secondary attempt that those calls were not monitored.
We know that he talked to the White House for obvious reasons not to the first who this day.
I just would like to know what the procedure was other than what it's all for.
And how did you decide when to hang up?